docs: add documentation for CBA workflow and indicators (#392)
open-energy-transition/open-tyndp: doc/cba-indicators.rst

operational expenditures (OPEX) of all components in each network (done separately for the reference network and the project network).

.. code-block:: python

   capex = n.statistics.capex().sum()
   opex = n.statistics.opex(aggregate_time="sum").sum()
   total = capex + opex

2. Calculate the difference in total system costs between the reference and project networks (depending on the method used, TOOT or PINT):

    - For TOOT: ``B1 = Total System Costs (Reference Network) - Total System Costs (Project Network)``
    - For PINT: ``B1 = Total System Costs (Project Network) - Total System Costs (Reference Network)``

**Outputs**

The following columns are saved in the CBA indicators CSV file (``results/cba/{cba_method}/indicators/cba_indicators_{planning_horizons}.csv``):

    - ``B1_total_system_cost_change``
    - ``cost_reference``
    - ``capex_reference``
    - ``opex_reference``
    - ``cost_project``
    - ``capex_project``
    - ``opex_project``
    - ``capex_change``
    - ``opex_change``
    - ``is_beneficial`` (TRUE/FALSE)

>     - ``interpretation``: a sentence stating whether the project is beneficial or not based on the B1 indicator.

Author: ```suggestion
The following columns are saved in the CBA indicators CSV file (``results/cba/{cba_method}/indicators/cba_indicators_{planning_horizons}.csv``):

    - ``is_beneficial`` (TRUE/FALSE)
    - ``interpretation``: a sentence stating whether the project is beneficial or not based on the B1 indicator.

Additionally, the following variables are added to the ``indicator`` column (with corresponding ``unit`` and ``value`` entries):

    - ``B1_total_system_cost_change``
    - ``cost_reference``
    - ``capex_reference``
    - ``opex_reference``
    - ``cost_project``
    - ``capex_project``
    - ``opex_project``
    - ``capex_change``
    - ``opex_change``
```

    - ``B2_societal_cost_variation_central``
    - ``B2_societal_cost_variation_high``

B3: Renewable Energy Sources (RES) integration costs
====================================================

This indicator is to quantify how the project improves the integration of renewable energy sources (RES) into the energy system.
RES technologies are defined in ``electricity.tyndp_renewable_carriers`` in the configuration file.

**Computation**

1. Compute the total capacities, generation, and curtailment of RES technologies in both the reference and project networks.

    - Capacities: ``n.statistics.optimal_capacity(...).groupby("carrier").sum()``
    - Generation: ``n.statistics.energy_balance(aggregate_time="sum", ...).groupby("carrier").sum()``
    - Curtailment: ``n.statistics.curtailment(...).groupby("carrier").sum()``

2. Calculate the change in RES capacities, generation, and curtailment between the reference and project networks (depending on the method used, TOOT or PINT):

    - For TOOT: ``Delta RES = RES (Reference Network) - RES (Project Network)``
    - For PINT: ``Delta RES = RES (Project Network) - RES (Reference Network)``

**Outputs**

> The following columns are saved in the CBA indicators CSV file (``results/cba/{cba_method}/indicators/cba_indicators_{planning_horizons}.csv``):

Author: ```suggestion
The following variables are added to the ``indicator`` column in the CBA indicators CSV file (``results/cba/{cba_method}/indicators/cba_indicators_{planning_horizons}.csv``):
```
